[`pipeline`] A simple fix for half-precision & 8bit models (#21479)
huggingface/transformers: docs/source/en/pipeline_tutorial.mdx

pip install pytesseract
```

</Tip>

## Using `pipeline` on large models with 🤗 `accelerate`:

You can easily run `pipeline` on large models using 🤗 `accelerate`! First make sure you have installed `accelerate` with `pip install accelerate`. 

Let's assume you fullfill the hardware requirements to run a large model such as `bloom` (which has 176B parameters, so ~350GB in `bfloat16`). First load your model
using `device_map="auto"`

```py
# pip install accelerate
import torch
from transformers import AutoModelForCausalLM, AutoTokenizer, pipeline

model = AutoModelForCausalLM.from_pretrained("bigscience/bloom", torch_dtype=torch.bfloat16, device_map="auto")

> tokenizer = AutoTokenizer.from_pretrained("bigscience/bloom")

Reviewer: Maybe use a smaller example and say in a note the user can replace it by BLOOM?

Author: Sure!

pipe = pipeline("text-generation", model=model, tokenizer=tokenizer)
output = pipe("This is a cool example!", do_sample=True, top_p=0.95)
```

You can also pass 8-bit loaded models if you install `bitsandbytes` and add the argument `load_in_8bit=True`

```py
# pip install accelerate bitsandbytes

> import torch
> from transformers import AutoModelForCausalLM, AutoTokenizer, pipeline
> 
> model = AutoModelForCausalLM.from_pretrained("bigscience/bloom", device_map="auto", load_in_8bit=True)
> tokenizer = AutoTokenizer.from_pretrained("bigscience/bloom")
> 
> pipe = pipeline("text-generation", model=model, tokenizer=tokenizer)

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
import torch
from transformers import pipeline

pipe = pipeline(model="bigscience/bloom", device_map="auto", model_kwargs={"load_in_8bit":True})
```
